Armenia is an ancient country
with rich history,
situated in the lands
of Mount Ararat.
In the Caucasus region,
Lake Sevan
is considered to be
a prized jewel.
Diversity of its flora and fauna
contribute to the unique
and beautiful countryside.
Yerevan, the capital,
is a modern metropolis
with picturesque views
that remind many of Paris
with its trees, cafés,
and beautiful water fountains.
Recently, a special three-week
preaching campaign took place.
Groups of Armenian-speaking
Jehovah’s Witnesses
from six different countries
wholeheartedly responded
to the invitation.
The main purpose of the campaign
was to cover as many
of the 512 unassigned territories
as possible
with the Kingdom good news.
Thus, an opportunity
for an interchange
of encouragement was created
for both the local friends
and the campaign participants.
They were warmly greeted
at the airport
by local brothers and sisters.
The Witnesses made good use
of their tablets and smartphones to show
videos from the jw.org website.
Armenia is also currently home
to over 11,000 Western-Armenian refugees.
A special effort was made
to share with these individuals
the positive message of hope
and peace from the Bible
in their native tongue,
West Armenian.
Metropolitan witnessing
served as an effective way
to reach these ones.
It was the first time in my life
that I participated in public witnessing,
and it was very encouraging.
When individuals would approach us
and show interest,
I could explain to them
the truth in their own language.
It was amazing.
It’s been very heartwarming.
People have really responded well.
They were in need of comfort
and the good news, especially those that
we came for,
the Western Armenians.
Pretty much every door invited us in,
and they were very hospitable
and receptive.
After we heard the announcement
about the special campaign
in the Western language
that’s going to take place in Armenia,
we said: “We cannot miss this.
“We have to be there
and bring our share
in this very joyful
preaching campaign.”
During the three-week campaign,
over 15,000 pieces
of Bible-based literature
were left with interested ones,
and over 200 Bible studies
were started.
We were very happy to see
how many brothers and sisters
were ready to come
for the campaign in Armenia
from different countries
around the world.
That response showed
that Jehovah has blessed our efforts.
Those who came from far and wide
greatly appreciated the share
they had in this special event.
Everyone was so happy to see us.
And when we were giving them a Bible,
they were so excited to find answers
from their own Bible.
I’m so blessed to be here.
This has been the best vacation
that we have had as a family.
The first time I came to Armenia,
it was in 1982.
And I looked for the Witnesses,
and I hardly found just a few.
But now that I came
for this campaign,
we have 11,000 Witnesses!
I’m really so happy!
I really want to come back!
It is our hope that Jehovah God
continues to help
all sorts of people to be saved
and come
to an accurate knowledge of truth.